Documentation changes (#55)
AppFlowy-IO/AppFlowy-Docs: essential-documentation/contribute-to-appflowy/architecture/frontend/database-view/README.md

## Introduction

> This document explains how the Grid, Board, and Calendar shares the same data structs defined in the backend. It can be a development guide when you want to contribute to Grid, Board or Calendar. This document will be continuously updated, and any suggestions would be helpful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document explains how the Grid, Board, and Calendar shares the same data structs defined in the backend. It can be a development guide when you want to contribute to the Grid, Board or Calendar feature. This document will be continuously updated, and any suggestions are appreciated.
```

## Relations

Currently, AppFlowy has three types of views that share the same database. A single database can have multiple views and these views can be converted to each other.

![file : database\_view.plantuml](../../../../../uml/output/database\_view.svg)

## Events and notifications

The database views use [events and notifications](https://appflowy.gitbook.io/docs/essential-documentation/contribute-to-appflowy/architecture/frontend/inter-process-communication) to exchange the data between the frontend and backend.
When triggering an event, there may be notifications sent to the frontend asynchronously. The database events are defined [here](https://appflowy.gitbook.io/docs/essential-documentation/contribute-to-appflowy/architecture/frontend/database-view/events).

![file : database\_view.plantuml](../../../../../uml/output/database_view-Events___Notifications.svg)

## Database Definitions

Below you will find some quick definitions about the database.

> |              |                                                                                          |
> | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | Database     | A Database struct that contains a list of fields and rows                              |
> | Field        | A Field represents a column of the database. Different fields have different `FieldType`s |
> | FieldType    | A `FieldType` represents the type of column.                                             |
> | TypeOption   | A `TypeOption` represents the configuration of the `Field`.                              |
> | Row          | A `Row` represents a group of related cells.                                             |
> | Cell         | A `Cell` contains the data of the corresponding `FieldType`                              |
> | TypeCellData | Same as `Cell` but carry the `FieldType` when the `Cell` create                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|              |                                                                                           |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Database     | A Database struct that contains a list of fields and rows                                |
| Field        | A Field represents a column of the database. Different fields have different `FieldType`s |
| FieldType    | A `FieldType` represents the type of column.                                              |
| TypeOption   | A `TypeOption` represents the configuration of the `Field`.                               |
| Row          | A `Row` represents a group of related cells.                                              |
| Cell         | A `Cell` contains the data of the corresponding `FieldType`                               |
| TypeCellData | Same as `Cell` but carry the `FieldType` when the `Cell` create                           |
```Not sure if it has an impact.

Reviewer 2: It works.

![file : database\_view.plantuml](../../../../../uml/output/database\_view\_classes-Database\_classes\_UML.svg)

### Database
A database is a collection of rows and columns, as shown in the picture below. It allows for the creation of more rows and columns.
Each row contains a list of cells and each cell corresponds to a specific column. The number of cells is equal to

> the number of columns in a row. Each column, aka the `Field`, contains the configuration of how to format the cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the number of columns in a row. Each column, aka a `Field`, contains the configuration of how to format the cell.
```

![database.png](assets/database.png)

### Field

> A Field represents a column of the database. It has a property called `field_ty`, which is an enum defined in FieldType.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Field represents a column in the database. It has a property called `field_ty`, which is an enum defined in FieldType.
```

> The `FieldType` defines the kind of data contained in a column. Such as dates, numbers, text, multi-select, etc. This data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `FieldType` defines the kind of data contained in a column. Such as date, number, text, multi-select, etc. This data
```
